hahahaha hate laughing submit Larry the
international hero League is about to
squash you like a chunk of clay try
again you leotard wearing creeps don't
mind if we do
now
you'll be sorry you mess with me the
only sorry mess around here is you
incredible the team must be on cloud
nine after that battle grunt when she
met Larry gave ya right Brett to the
face and you get that triple hot
backwards who was that like hi little
man star Miss America Miss America Miss
America Miss America huh what damn
you're good so where'd you put last
night on your all-time best battles list
in the top ten right you're right am i
right let's go fanboy look Tyler
everybody had a late night fighting
cement Larry and now they're pretty
cranky oh I know what if I make some
coffee we don't have a coffee maker
Preston used to transform into one until
everyone realized it was being filtered
through his underpants
so stupid we have an alien doppelganger
detector hope but no coffeemaker homie
Newton here would you mind putting this
in the lost and found for me I need to
lie down no problemo you seemed all this
stuff on ebid i could buy their heroes a
real coffee maker but hair dryer
three bucks what luke roman lover
jumping let's start this bear be off for
two dollars
where did you get such a glorious Java
dispenser there's no way accounts
payable sound off on that uh no well
great job let's all thank the hero of
the day Taran Tyler let's give my hand
for bringing Java to the side of justice
all right listen up it seems some of you
have been putting seized weapons in the
lost and found I know I know it's a pain
to fill out the paperwork but those are
some dangerous weapons and we wouldn't
want any of them falling into the wrong
hands green and eagles a glory some sort
of terrible scourge is sweeping the
world go heroes go this is really gonna
ruin my rating on ebid